Here's a bunch of plain text

If I put a break in, it seems to work

More line breaks.

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Curabitur
hendrerit dictum felis, eu iaculis tortor egestas non. Nunc
consectetur placerat ex nec vestibulum. In sapien tellus, maximus et
ipsum eget, aliquet vehicula massa. Sed ornare, leo eget tincidunt
lacinia, augue mi facilisis arcu, aliquet lacinia ante sem non magna.
Donec luctus bibendum ligula, a molestie libero lobortis ut. Maecenas
vel neque molestie, vehicula tellus sed, tempus tellus. Sed in sem et
purus rhoncus sodales. Proin egestas maximus molestie.

Nulla velit erat, lacinia quis eros faucibus, pretium condimentum
erat. Etiam bibendum ultrices massa quis hendrerit. Phasellus
ullamcorper consequat tempus. Morbi tincidunt, dolor ac faucibus
luctus, nisi nulla ultrices est, a pulvinar metus ligula id est.
Phasellus semper libero eget lacus auctor posuere. Ut et metus non
enim varius molestie. In nec odio enim. Suspendisse vitae pellentesque
tortor. Maecenas consectetur mollis mattis. Etiam aliquam accumsan ex
nec vulputate. Quisque tristique nunc urna, nec fermentum magna
laoreet sit amet. Nullam pharetra augue at lacinia sagittis. Morbi
eget ante efficitur, scelerisque ligula id, bibendum elit. In dapibus,
massa at finibus porttitor, turpis lectus euismod massa, non aliquet
tortor nunc nec urna.

Morbi malesuada auctor semper. Aliquam non ipsum vitae odio maximus
laoreet nec sed massa. Sed eu urna ante. Integer pharetra, turpis eu
auctor bibendum, ex enim vulputate odio, sit amet ornare magna sem
consectetur justo. Mauris sit amet metus aliquet, posuere risus a,
placerat tortor. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus
et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Ut lacus nunc, laoreet ut varius
at, placerat ut sem. Suspendisse efficitur vehicula venenatis. Aliquam
augue erat, rhoncus quis venenatis feugiat, cursus at tellus. Duis ac
est tristique nisi elementum tristique. Vestibulum in dui gravida,
tempor magna vitae, semper arcu. Vestibulum tempus ultricies
porttitor. Nunc id diam pulvinar, condimentum leo non, feugiat dolor.
Aliquam quis nunc vel ipsum semper commodo. Sed feugiat justo quis
nisl pulvinar blandit.

Nullam massa magna, bibendum a turpis eu, suscipit faucibus mauris.
Duis justo nibh, imperdiet eget vulputate faucibus, volutpat et dolor.
Curabitur feugiat blandit nisl vel molestie. Aliquam erat volutpat.
Proin sed magna at sem sodales ullamcorper ut vel massa. Quisque
feugiat sem nisl. In erat mauris, dignissim quis nunc ac, pulvinar
condimentum leo.

Suspendisse nec elit dui. In eu mollis nunc. Ut dictum, ipsum ut
elementum lobortis, risus turpis tristique ex, quis eleifend mauris
nisi id odio. Mauris sit amet elementum massa. Maecenas ultrices nisi
quis eros molestie vulputate. Ut placerat tincidunt leo nec congue.
Nullam ac volutpat lorem. Mauris at tempus nulla, eget vulputate erat.
